# Rules

- **General Terms:** This benchmark is governed by the [http://www.causality.inf.ethz.ch/GeneralChalearnContestRuleTerms.html](General ChaLearn Contest Rule Terms), the [https://github.com/codalab/codalab-competitions/wiki/Privacy](CodaLab Terms and Conditions), and the specific rules set forth.
- **Registration:** The participants must register to Codabench and provide a valid email address. Teams must register only once and provide a group email, which is forwarded to all team members. Teams or solo participants registering multiple times to gain an advantage in the competition may be disqualified.
- **Anonymity:** The participants who do not present their results at the workshop can elect to remain anonymous by using a pseudonym. Their results will be published on the leaderboard under that pseudonym, and their real name will remain confidential. However, the participants must disclose their real identity to the organizers to claim any prize they might win. See our [http://www.chalearn.org/privacy.html](privacy policy) for details.
- **Submission method:** The results must be submitted through this Codabench site. The number of submissions per day and maximum total computational time are restrained and subject to change, according to the number of participants. Using multiple accounts to increase the number of submissions in NOT permitted, except that participants that want to enter the 2 leagues "free-style" and "meta-learning" are allowed to create a second account under the name "originalID_2" , where originalID is their other account they use to make submissions (we will ask in the fact sheets which is which). In case of problem, send email to [mailto:organizers-email](organizers-email). The entries must be formatted as specified on the Instructions page.
- **Reproducibility:** The participant should make efforts to guarantee the reproducibility of their method, which in particular implies that they should use everywhere in their code the same random seed, as exemplified in the starting kit. In the Final Phase, all submissions will be run three times with various random seeds, and the worst performance will be used for final ranking. The participants will be given 2 weeks when results are released to scrutinize the evaluation procedure and the code of the winners.
